{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35080\viewh12360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # Challenge Overview\
\
Remove the ninth-grade math and reading scores from Thomas High School and keep all other data associated with ninth-grade students and Thomas School intact.\
\
After Replacing the scores, answer perform the following tasks.\
\
-How is the district summary affected?\
-How is the school summary affected?\
-How does replacing the ninth graders\'92 math and reading scores affect -Thomas High School\'92s performance, relative to the other schools?\
-How does replacing the ninth-grade scores affect the Math and Reading Scores by Grade, Scores by School Spending, Scores by School Size, and Scores by School Type? \
\
## Resourses\
- Data Source: schools_complete.csv and clean_students_complete.csv\
- Software: Python 3.7.6:: Anaconda, Inc., Jupyter Notebook 6.0.3\
\
## Summary\
\
Upon discovery of inaccuracies in the test scores of Thomas High School\'92s 9th grade class there was need to re-evaluate the impact upon the district and update data. Thomas High School\'92s 9th grade consisted of 461 students, which represents 28% of total Thomas High School, and about 1% of the total district population. Overall the average score across the district remained relatively the same, however the passing percentiles all dropped significantly. This is due to the idea that the average score is based on scored tests, this ignoring Thomas High School\'92s 9th grade. However passing percentiles take into account all students. The adjustment of Thomas High School\'92s 9th grade scores affected their district ranking, moving them from #2 down to #8\
\
### Detailed Analysis.\
\
Thomas High School\'92s 9th Grade class consists of 461 Students. This makes up 28% of Thomas High Schools total student population, and about 1% of the district\'92s overall student population.\
\
\
### District Summary\
\
District Summary before adjustments:\
\
|   | Total Schools | Total Students | Total Budget   | Average Math Score | Average Reading Score | % Passing Math | % Passing Reading | % Overall Passing |\
|---|---------------|----------------|----------------|--------------------|-----------------------|----------------|-------------------|-------------------|\
| Before | 15            | 39,170         | $24,649,428.00 | 79.0               | 81.9                  | 75             | 86                | 65                |\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 | After | 15            | 39,170         | $24,649,428.00 | 78.9              | 81.9                  | 74             | 85                | 64                |\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 The district summary dropped by one point in a few areas. The average math score dropped by .1. The passing math percentage, the passing reading percentage, and the overall passing percentage all dropped by 1 point.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
## Thomas High School Summary\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Thomas high School Summary Before and After grade adjustment.\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 |   | Rank | School Type | Total Students | Total School Budget | Per Student Budget | Average Math Score | Average Reading Score | % Passing Math | % Passing Reading | % Overall Passing |\
|---|\
| Before  | #2| Charter     | 1635| $1,043,130.00| $638.00| 83.418349| 83.848930| 93.272171| 97.308869| 90.948012|\
| After   | #3| Charter     | 1635| $1,043,130.00| $638.00| 83.350937| 83.896082| 66.911315| 69.663609| 65.076453|\
\
\

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}